Release v4.3.0 (#416)
nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding: docs/admin/release_notes/version_4.3.md

### Changed

- [#407](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/407) - Changed napalm dependency to match Nautobot Core.

### Deprecated

- [#414](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/414) - Deprecated Python 3.8 support as its EOL.

### Fixed

- [#342](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/342) - Fixed a bug that prevented onboarding devices using their FQDN.
- [#376](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/376) - Fixed the default coming back for admin status to default to False instead of an empty list.
- [#384](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/384) - Fixed a typo in the F5 command mapper yaml.
- [#385](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/385) - Fixed bug causing exessive logging noise
- [#386](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/386) - Add 10GEChannel to INTERFACE_TYPE_MAP_STATIC so that port-channel interfaces with this hardware type are recognized as type LAG.

> - [#387](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/387) - fixes capitalization of the keys in the command_mapper for cisco_nxos for `show interface switchport`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#387](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/387) - Fixed capitalization of the keys in the command_mapper for cisco_nxos for `show interface switchport`.
```

> - [#388](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/388) - Fixed dictionary being modified during execution by working off of a copy of the dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#388](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding/issues/388) - Fixed a `RuntimeError` when running the onboarding job against a large number of devices.
```
